#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
-e git+https://github.com/open-contracting/spoonbill.git#egg=spoonbill
    # via -r requirements.in
aioredis==1.3.1
    # via channels-redis
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.0.6
    # via kombu
asgiref==3.3.4
    # via
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
    #   django
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via aioredis
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   jsonschema
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==21.3.1
    # via daphne
automat==20.2.0
    # via twisted
babel==2.9.1
    # via sphinx
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
celery==5.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-results
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.5
    # via cryptography
channels-redis==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
channels==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels-redis
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
click-didyoumean==0.0.3
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.1.6
    # via celery
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   spoonbill
constantly==15.1.0
    # via twisted
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
daphne==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels
django-celery-beat==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-results==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==4.1.2
    # via django-celery-beat
django==3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-nested-routers
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
drf-nested-routers==0.93.3
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.7
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.14
    # via transifex-client
greenlet==1.0.0
    # via sqlalchemy
hiredis==2.0.0
    # via aioredis
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
ijson==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ocdskit
    #   spoonbill
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.0.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   kombu
    #   markdown
    #   sqlalchemy
incremental==21.3.0
    # via twisted
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via requests-cache
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via sphinx
json-merge-patch==0.2
    # via ocdsextensionregistry
jsonpointer==2.1
    # via
    #   ocdskit
    #   spoonbill
jsonref==0.2
    # via
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
    #   ocdskit
    #   ocdsmerge
    #   spoonbill
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via ocdskit
kombu==5.0.2
    # via celery
markdown==3.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via channels-redis
ocdsextensionregistry==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ocdskit
    #   spoonbill
ocdskit==0.2.22
    # via spoonbill
ocdsmerge==0.6.6
    # via ocdskit
packaging==20.9
    # via sphinx
prompt-toolkit==3.0.18
    # via click-repl
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via service-identity
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pygments==2.8.1
    # via sphinx
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via twisted
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
python-crontab==2.5.1
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via python-crontab
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via transifex-client
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-timezone-field
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==3.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-cache==0.6.3
    # via ocdsextensionregistry
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ocdsextensionregistry
    #   ocdskit
    #   ocdsmerge
    #   requests-cache
    #   sphinx
    #   spoonbill
    #   transifex-client
rfc3987==1.3.8
    # via ocdskit
sentry-sdk==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
service-identity==18.1.0
    # via twisted
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   click-repl
    #   jsonschema
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   transifex-client
    #   url-normalize
smmap==4.0.0
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinx-rtd-theme==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx==3.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.4
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.4.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ocdskit
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via django
strict-rfc3339==0.7
    # via ocdskit
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
transifex-client==0.14.2
    # via -r requirements.in
twisted[tls]==21.2.0
    # via daphne
txaio==21.2.1
    # via autobahn
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   importlib-metadata
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   transifex-client
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
xlsxwriter==1.4.0
    # via spoonbill
zipp==3.4.1
    # via importlib-metadata
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
